Mention workarounds for 25MB file size limit (#2836)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/pages/src/content/framework-guides/deploy-a-blazor-site.md

After deploying your site, you will receive a unique subdomain for your project on `*.pages.dev`. 
Every time you commit new code to your Blazor site, Cloudflare Pages will automatically rebuild your project and deploy it. You will also get access to [preview deployments](/platform/preview-deployments) on new pull requests, so you can preview how changes look to your site before deploying them to production.

## Troubleshooting

### A file is over the 25MB limit

> If you get error like *"Error: Asset "/opt/buildhome/repo/output/wwwroot/_framework/dotnet.wasm" is over the 25MB limit"* then you have two options. Either you try to reduce size of your assets with following [guide](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/blazor/performance?view=aspnetcore-6.0#minimize-app-download-size) **or** remove the _*.wasm_ files from the output (e.g. `rm output/wwwroot/_framework/*.wasm`) and modify your Blazor app to [load the Brotli compressed files](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/blazor/host-and-deploy/webassembly?view=aspnetcore-6.0#compression) instead. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you receive an error message `Error: Asset "/opt/buildhome/repo/output/wwwroot/_framework/dotnet.wasm" is over the 25MB limit`, you have two options:

1. Reduce the size of your assets with the following [guide](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/blazor/performance?view=aspnetcore-6.0#minimize-app-download-size).

Or

2. Remove the `*.wasm` files from the output (`rm output/wwwroot/_framework/*.wasm`) and modify your Blazor application to [load the Brotli compressed files](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/blazor/host-and-deploy/webassembly?view=aspnetcore-6.0#compression) instead. 
```
